University of Wolverhampton
Faculty of Science and Engineering
Department of Mathematics and Computer Science
Module Assessment
Module
6CC001 – Advanced Web Technologies
Module Leader
Alix Bergeret
Semester 
2
Year
2025-2026
Assessment 1
Coursework
% Of Module Mark
50%
Due Date
28th March 2025
Hand-in – what?
Web Application & Version Control Logs
Hand-in – where?
Canvas / Student Server
Feedback 
Face to face demonstration
Learning outcomes assessed
LO1, LO2
Method of retrieval
Improvement to existing work and demonstration
Assessment 2
Examination
% Of Module Mark
50%
Due Date
Assessment Weeks (exact date TBC)
Feedback
Provisional grades will be uploaded to Canvas within 4 weeks
Learning outcomes assessed
LO1
Method of retrieval
Resit Examination
Pass mark 
40% Grade required on BOTH assessments to pass the module.
Module Learning Outcomes
LO1 – Compare and evaluate a range of modern web development technologies and methodologies.
LO2 – Construct a web application using an appropriate architectural pattern and suitable technologies.
Assessment 1: Website Creation
The Task
You are required to build a website featuring the technologies taught in the lectures.
The topic of your site can be any of your choosing. Pick something you have an active interest in, a hobby, a sport you play, a group or club you belong to etc. Once you have selected your topic YOU MUST CONFIRM THIS WITH YOUR TUTOR. You will not be allowed to proceed with your topic of choice without tutor agreement. You are not allowed to change your topic without further consultation with your tutor.
You must have permission or abide by Creative commons license for any assets such as images and videos that you use.
Requirements
You are required to build a dynamic website that features the functionalities listed in the marking rubric on Canvas. 
Key principles and technologies required will be covered in the lectures.
Guidance on Tools and Technologies
Your website MUST be hosted on the student server (mi-linux.wlv.ac.uk). You should develop it using the server-side scripting language PHP. Your data should be stored in a MySQL database, also available on mi-linux.wlv.ac.uk.
You may use any coding tools/environments you like, including:
All PHP frameworks (CodeIgniter, Laravel, Cake etc.)
All IDEs & Text Editors (VS Code, PhpStorm, Eclipse etc.)
All JavaScript Libraries and frameworks (React, Vue, jQuery, Angular, etc.)
All CSS frameworks (Foundation, Bootstrap etc.)
You are however not allowed to create your website using a Content Management System (CMS) such as WordPress.
Do not hesitate to discuss this matter with a workshop tutor if you have any doubts.
Documentation
No documentation is required for this task.
How to Submit
Your website must be published on mi-linux.wlv.ac.uk by the assessment deadline (as explained in lecture sessions). You should also upload a zip file containing your code and other assets to Canvas, alongside your version control logs.
The Demonstration
You must attend and demonstrate your website during your workshops in weeks 11 or 12 alongside a tutor. This demonstration is your opportunity to highlight the best areas of your work, and to answer any questions that the workshop tutor might have. You will be given feedback on your assessment during this demonstration.
The lecturer will also use this session to assess whether the work presented was created by the student:
Technical questions about the work will be asked.
Attendance records will be consulted.
Git commit logs will be checked.
If the points above are not satisfied, a grade of 0 will be awarded.
Important: You only get one chance to present.
A booking system will be provided. It is your responsibility to have booked an appointment to demonstrate your work.
Failure to present your work will result in a grade of 0 NS (FAIL) for the assessment.
Assessment 2: Examination
You will be required to sit a 2-hour examination during the assessment weeks. The examination will consist of several written questions. These will be based on the content covered during lectures, therefore, it is important that you revise all the associated material.
Failure to attend this examination will result in a grade of 0 NS (FAIL).
You must pass both assessments (coursework and exam) to pass the module.